---
image: workshop.jpg
color: "#D33"
layout: post
title:  "Workshop"
date:   2025-03-14 00:00:00
isStaticPost: false
---

<p>We invite researchers to submit extended abstracts for the Data Science Africa (DSA) 2025 workshop, which will take place at the University of Ibadan, Nigeria, from June 5th to June 6th, 2025.</p>

<h3>Submission Guidelines</h3>
<p>Abstracts should address African challenges or methods relevant to solving problems in Africa. At least one African researcher must be a co-author, and accepted authors must be prepared to present their research at the workshop.</p>

<p>We strongly encourage:</p>
<ol>
<li>Participants of the DSA Summer School to submit their research</li>
<li>The participation of women and underrepresented communities in data science</li>
</ol>

<h3>Topics of Interest</h3>
Submissions may include applied research, position papers, new methods, review/survey studies, and product demonstrations. Relevant topics include, but are not limited to:</p>
<ol>
<li>Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence</li>
<li>Data Mining & Robotics</li>
<li>Natural Language Processing</li>
<li>Applications in health, climate, agriculture, politics, and the arts</li>
</ol>

<h3>Submission Process</h3>
<p>Use the provided abstract templates for Word <a href="#">here</a> and Latex <a href="#">here</a> . Abstracts should be submitted through the following OpenReview link: 
Submit abstracts via OpenReview: <a href="https://openreview.net/group?id=datascienceafrica.org/DSA/2025">https://openreview.net/group?id=datascienceafrica.org/DSA/2025</a></p>

<p>Abstract Length: Maximum 3 pages, including references</p>

<h4>Submission Deadline: Sunday, April 25, 2025</h4>
  
<p>📌 Important: If possible, use your institutional email when creating your OpenReview account to avoid delays. New profiles with institutional emails are approved immediately, while non-institutional email approvals may take up to two weeks.</p>

<p>For inquiries, contact us at  info@datascienceafrica.org.</p>

<p>🔗 Stay tuned for additional updates here!</p>


Any questions?
Email organizers at [info@datascienceafrica.org](mailto:info@datascienceafrica.org)
